Update all Photos/Instructions on Kusama Guide (#881)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/kusama-claims.md

3. Enter a name for your account and create a secure password. This password will be used to decrypt
   your account. The required text fields to complete are highlighted in pink.

![kusama create account](assets/kusama/kusama_create_account.png)

4. Ignore the advanced options unless you want to change the type of cryptography used for your keys
   (we recommend "Schnorrkel (sr25519)"). You will have to enter an Account Name and a password to
   protect your account. Be sure to select a secure and hard-to-guess password. Note that anything
   will be accepted as a password here. Please note: There are no checks to see if it is long enough
   or secure. You will need this password for any future interaction with or transaction from this
   account.

5. Click "Save" and "Create and backup account".

![kusama save backup](assets/kusama/kusama_backup_account.png)

6. Save your encrypted keystore locally. Ideally, you would also save it on an external hard drive
   or thumb drive, or print it out and be able to re-enter it later. You should not store it in
   cloud storage, email it to yourself, etc. You can use this backup file to restore your account.

>    This backup file is not readable unless it is decrypted with the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The seed in the backup file is not readable unless it is decrypted with the password.
```
